W-16420474 Updates to Connecting Salesforce orgs (#350)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-capabilities.adoc

= Managing Capabilities for a Connected Salesforce Organization

When you establish a tenant relationship and enable the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and a trusted Salesforce organization, you can enable and disable capabilities associated with the Salesforce organization. 

[[enable-disable-api-catalog]]
== Enable or Disable API Catalog in Anypoint Platform

Enable a connected Salesforce organization to access and import Anypoint Platform APIs into the Salesforce API Catalog and expose them as invocable actions. This capability is enabled in Anypoint Platform Access Management by an Anypoint Platform organization administrator.

To enable this feature:

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *Salesforce*.

> . In the *Capabilities Managed in Anypoint Platform* section, click *Settings* next to *Make MuleSoft Anypoint Platform APIs Available in Salesforce*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Capabilities Managed in Anypoint Platform*, click *Settings* for *Make MuleSoft Anypoint Platform APIs Available in Salesforce*.
```

+
[NOTE]
Within the selected business groups, only APIs that have specs published in Exchange with active instances can be imported into Salesforce.
. In the *Capabilities Managed in Anypoint Platform* section, switch between *Enabled* or *Disabled* in the *Make MuleSoft Anypoint Platform APIs Available in Salesforce* section. 
+
image:connected-salesforce-org-api-catalog-enabled.png["Connected Salesforce organization with both Invocable Actions and API Catalog enabled"]
+
The Salesforce organization administrator can then sync APIs into their catalog. 
+
For details about syncing APIs and using API Catalog in Salesforce, see xref:general::api-catalog-in-salesforce.adoc[].
+
. After the APIs are imported, the Salesforce administrator selects individual API instances and operations and converts them into invocable actions for access by selected Salesforce developers.
. A client ID is created and an access request for the selected Salesforce developers is sent to the Anypoint Platform owner of that API through API Manager.
+

> Only after the request is accepted can those selected Salesforce developers start using the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the request is accepted, the selected Salesforce developers can start using the API.
```

[[add-api-catalog-permission]]
=== Add the API Catalog Permission

> When you connect a Salesforce organization to your Anypoint Platform organization and enable API Catalog, an API Catalog Integration user is automatically created with the URL of the connected Salesforce organization. You must assign the *API Catalog Contributor* permission to this user to enable the sync of APIs from Anypoint Platform to API Catalog in Salesforce. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you connect a Salesforce organization to your Anypoint Platform organization and enable API Catalog, an API Catalog Integration user is automatically created with the URL of the connected Salesforce organization. You must assign the *API Catalog Contributor* permission to this user to enable them to sync APIs from Anypoint Platform to API Catalog in Salesforce. 
```

Reviewer: (does that change the meaning?)

To assign the *API Catalog Contributor* permission:

> . In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Users*.

Reviewer: should AM be bold here?

. Click the *Username* of the API Catalog Integration user.
. Click *Add permissions*.
. In the *API Catalog Contributor* section of *Permissions*, select *API Catalog Contributor* and click *Next*. 
. Select the business groups to add the permission to and click *Next*. 
. Click *Add Permissions*. 

[[enable-disable-invocable-actions]]
== Enable or Disable Invocable Actions in the Salesforce Org

> When this capability is enabled by the Salesforce admin in Salesforce, MuleSoft automation developers can publish invocable actions directly from their Robotic Process Automations (RPA) and Composer flows to the connected Salesforce organization.

Reviewer: which capability?

. In Salesforce Setup, go to the *Quick Find* box and enter `MuleSoft`, then select *MuleSoft > MuleSoft Anypoint Platform*.

> . In the *Your connected Anypoint Platform Organization* section, click *View Connection Info* to open a new dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Your connected Anypoint Platform Organization*, click *View Connection Info* to open a new dialog.
```
